[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2004 zombie comedy film Shaun
of the Dead so let's get started
the film follows a salesman named Shaun
who has no real direction in life his
coworkers are rude
his stepfather Phillip doesn't like him
and his girlfriend Liz is unhappy with
spending every date night at the local
pub the Winchester after a bad day at
work
Shaun forgets to book a fancy restaurant
for his anniversary with Liz when he
suggests that they go to the Winchester
Liz breaks up with him he drowns his
sorrows with his best friend and
housemate bed later at home their
housemate Pete complaining of a bite
that he got from a drunk berate Shaun
and Edie to get their life's together by
the next morning the zombie apocalypse
has taken over London but Shaun is too
hungover to notice right away eventually
Shaun and Ed encounter some zombies in
their garden and are able to kill them
they come up with a plan to rescue
Shawn's mom Barbara as well as Liz and
then go to the Winchester to wait for
the whole thing to blow over they take a
car and pick up Shawn's mom Barbara as
well as his stepdad Phillip who has been
bitten by a zombie they then go and pick
up Liz and her friends Dianne and David
his stepfather and Shaun make their
piece together just before Phillip dies
of his wounds and becomes a zombie the
group abandons the car and travels on
foot the Winchester is surrounded by
zombies so they pretend to act like
zombies to blend through the crowd it
seems to work initially however Edie
answers a phone call stirring the hoard
Shaun leads the zombies away while the
rest go inside of the Winchester and
eventually Shaun returns they take a
Winchester rifle from above the bar to
try to defend themselves from the
zombies Barbara reveals that she has
been bitten and before she dies she
gives her blessing to Liz and Shaun
Shaun ends up shooting his mother's
reanimated corpse
Liz's friend David is torn apart by the
zombies and his girlfriend dhyanne
rushes to rescue him their housemate
Pete arrives now a zombie and bites Edie
liz Edie and Shawn go into the
Winchester cellar and contemplate a
suicide pact rather than becoming
zombies they end up finding another way
out
Edie stays behind to fend off the
zombies for as long as possible as they
reach the street
the British army arrives and guns down
the zombies the film transitions to six
months later after the outbreak with
most things being back to normal and the
zombies are now being used for cheap
labor and entertainment Liz and Shawn
are now living in the house and a
zombified ad lives in the shed out back
where Shawn and zombie ette play video
games together so that was the spoilers
for Shaun of the Dead if you have
another film you'd like to see me spoil
please let me know in the comments below
check us out on our various forms of
social media and remember to Like and
subscribe thanks for watching
[Music]